AI engineering category (#12665)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/max-ai/index.mdx

showTitle: true
---

import { CalloutBox } from 'components/Docs/CalloutBox'

[Max](https://app.posthog.com/#panel=max) is an AI-powered product analyst and assistant that lives in PostHog. Max can:

- **Research answers** to product questions by querying the data.
- **Get things done** quickly in the PostHog UI for you like update filters, create insights, write SQL, find session replays, make surveys, and more.
- **Explain PostHog** features and how to use them (based on our docs).

> - **Chit-chat** about anything really.

Reviewer: Doesn't Max try to keep you on topic about PostHog or am I thinking about InKeep?

Author: ```suggestion
- **Chit-chat** about anything PostHog-related really.
```

<ProductVideo
    videoLight="https://res.cloudinary.com/dmukukwp6/video/upload/meet_max_ai_overview_778f4acffb.mp4" 
    alt="Meet Max AI" 
    classes="rounded"
    autoPlay={false}
    muted={false}
    loop={false}
/>

<Caption>
Meet Max AI
</Caption>

## How do I access Max?

> You can pop Max open wherever you are in PostHog! Just click on [Max AI](https://app.posthog.com/#panel=max) in the top right corner of the app. Then get to chatting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pop Max open wherever you are in PostHog! Just click on the [Max AI](https://app.posthog.com/#panel=max) icon in the corner of the app and get to chatting.
```

    classes="rounded max-h-[480px]"
    zoom={false}
/>

<Caption>
Max is available in the right-hand sidebar of the PostHog app
</Caption>

<CalloutBox icon="IconInfo" title="Important" type="warning">

Because PostHog AI features use third-party LLM providers (see details below), the first use of Max in your organization requires org admin approval. In most cases this is just a formality, but we've made it explicit as we take data governance seriously.

</CalloutBox>

## Does Max have any superpowers compared to ChatGPT and similar agents?

Glad you asked! Max is deeply connected with your data, and lives inside of the PostHog app.

Unlike other agents, Max can:
- Put on a data analyst hat and explore your PostHog data in depth.
- Create dashboards and generate PostHog data visualizations, such as insights.
- Interact natively with the PostHog UI, for example by editing filters.
- Generate complex [HogQL](/docs/sql) (our version of SQL) queries.
- Answer questions from PostHog's documentation.
- Create [surveys](/docs/surveys/creating-surveys) using natural language.
- Write [Hog](/docs/hog) functions to power your realtime destinations.

And soon, Max will be able to:

> - Watch your session replays.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Watch and summarize your session replays.
```
